About the job:

Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead.

Software engineers (SWEs) work with teammates to solve problems and build innovative software solutions. You are passionate about customers and product quality, and you provide technical guidance to Technical Program Managers and Product Managers they consider user needs and product requirements. You will also be expected to demonstrate an ability to learn and adopt relevant new technologies, tools, methods and processes to leverage in your solutions. As a SWE, you are dedicated to design, development and testing of next-generation software which will empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more.

At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology.

Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.

Responsibilities

Apply engineering principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering. 
Work with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature.
Quickly learns new engineering methods and incorporates them into work processes. 
Seek feedback and apply internal or industry best practices to improve technical solutions. 
Demonstrate skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment.
Review current developments and proactively seek new knowledge that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale.

Qualifications

Required Qualifications 

Currently pursuing Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field
Must have at least 1 semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship

Preferred Qualifications

Ability to demonstrate an understanding of computer science fundamentals, including data structures and algorithms

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.